Add news demo (#25)
vercel/examples: edge-functions/next-news/README.md

# Hacker Next

This is an example showing a hacker news clone using Next.js with edge functions

## Demo

> https://edge-next-news.vercel.app

Reviewer: This is the same prefix other examples are using

```suggestion
https://edge-functions-next-news.vercel.app
```

## How to Use

You can choose from one of the following two methods to use this repository:

### One-Click Deploy

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/edge-functions/edge-next-news&project-name=edge-next-news&repository-name=edge-next-news)

### Clone and Deploy

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/edge-functions/edge-next-news edge-next-news
# or
yarn create next-app --example https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/edge-functions/edge-next-news edge-next-news

> ```

Reviewer: The naming here should change to `next-news` from `edge-next-news`

# Next News

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # Hacker Next

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Next News
```

> Below is the code from [pages/\_middleware.ts](pages/_middleware.ts):
> 
> ```ts
> import { NextResponse as Response } from "next/server";
> 
> export default function middleware(req) {
>   if (req.nextUrl.pathname === "/") {
>     return Response.rewrite("/news/1");
>   }
> }
> ```
> > This way you can rewrite the home page to the first news
> 
> This is an example showing a hacker news clone using Next.js with edge functions

Reviewer: ````suggestion

This is an example showing a hacker news clone using Next.js. Edge functions are used to show how a rewrite from `/` to `/news/1` works. Below is the code from [pages/\_middleware.ts](pages/_middleware.ts):

```ts
import { NextResponse as Response } from "next/server";

export default function middleware(req) {
  if (req.nextUrl.pathname === "/") {
    return Response.rewrite("/news/1");
  }
}
```
````
